Stanford Computer Graphics Laboratory — 3D Scanning Repository
Conditions of Use

Source: http://graphics.stanford.edu/data/3Dscanrep/

The Stanford 3D Scanning Repository publishes the following conditions of
use, quoted verbatim from the repository page:

    "You are welcome to use the data and models for research purposes. You
    are also welcome to mirror or redistribute them for free. Finally, you
    may publish images made using these models, or the images on this web
    site, in a scholarly article or book - as long as credit is given to the
    Stanford Computer Graphics Laboratory. However, such models or images
    are not to be used for commercial purposes, nor should they appear in a
    product for sale (with the exception of scholarly journals or books),
    without our permission."

Under the heading "Inappropriate uses of these models", the same page adds,
again verbatim:

    "As you browse this repository and think about how you might use our 3D
    models and range datasets, please remember that several of these
    artifacts have religious or cultural significance. Aside from the buddha,
    which is a religious symbol revered by hundreds of millions of people,
    the dragon is a symbol of Chinese culture, the Thai statue contains
    elements of religious significance to Hindus, and Lucy is a Christian
    angel; statues like her are commonly seen in Italian churches. Keep your
    renderings and other uses of these particular models in good taste. Don't
    animate or morph them, don't apply Boolean operators to them, and don't
    simulate nasty things happening to them (like breaking, exploding,
    melting, etc.). Choose another model for these sorts of experiments. (You
    can do anything you want to the Stanford bunny or the armadillo.)"

Required acknowledgement: credit the Stanford Computer Graphics Laboratory.

This is not an OSI-approved or Creative Commons license. It permits free
redistribution and research use but restricts commercial use, so datasets
under these terms are not safe to embed in a product for sale without first
contacting the Stanford Computer Graphics Laboratory.
